The Root of Heart

Opening

Background:

A. Black
B. Black + Hypnotic animation / image

Character:

M: Main character

Background A

M: Finally, it's time to say goodbye.

M: Goodbye to the person no one cares about enough to miss. The one who cannot do anything right, the coward that runs away from everything, the disgusting and weak me.

M; I hate myself... I hate me...

Background B...

M:Goodbye...


Surface round 1

Background A: Pink sky + surface

Character:  
M: Main character

L: Love npc

L1: kind
M1: sad

M: Could this be heaven? But I’m not even a good person... I’ve only ever been a nuisance to others. 


[.....]

M: Anyway, I made it. I didn’t even feel any pain... Heaven?

[.....]
M: Who am I fooling? It’s not possible for a failure like me to deserve a place in heaven. 

M: I should explore before jumping to such conclusions. 

Move forward]

M interacts with L

L: Hey, you look lost, where are you going?
M: I don't know, what is this place? Who are you?
L: It doesn't matter, I am nothing. like a dandelion blown by the wind, wobbling away from its roots, losing its way, not knowing where to go.
M: I don't understand.
L: It doesn't matter, I am looking for a seed, I have searched all over, but I can't find it.
M: ... So you want me to help you?
L: I believe in you.
M: ... You should ask someone else, believing in me is a mistake. I.. I can’t do anything right, not even finding a seed. 
L: I believe in you because I don't have anyone else.
M: ... I’ll try, but don’t say I didn’t warn you. I will fail, as always.  
M: I don’t even know where to go...
L: Just go forward, go forward. I have a feeling that what I'm looking for is just ahead.
M: ...

[Player move forward

M interact with item " broken sword"

M: This doesn't look like a seed, seems like just a broken sword.
M: It reminds me of the small shovel I’d use to dig in the sandbox as a kid. Eventually as I do with everything, I broke it... I could never keep anything nice. 
M: I better keep going... 

【player drop in trap】( camera shaking) 

Root up ( dark )

M: ??!!!???
M: It's dark! Was this a trap!?
M: I should have known better than to trust a stranger... I'm so stupid! How can I be so dumb!? 

【player interact with breakable block】 use sound effect and UI to guide player 

M : Every time I approach here, there's a noise...
M : Climbing up is almost impossible, maybe the tunnel can get me out... I should try digging down. (Sign UI shows up)

Fear layer ( camera shake)

M: Another trap...?  
M: It's so dark everywhere... mom. M: It's so dark everywhere... mom...I'm scared.

I'm scared. [Interact with Fear npc]

F: Mom, I'm scared. 
F: It's dark. It's dark. It's dark. It's dark. It's dark. It's dark. it's dark. (UI Shaking)
F: I'm going to die! I'm so scared, please help me.

M: Who are you?
F: I’m so afraid... please help me... I’m so afraid. 
M: ...
M: Seems like it can’t communicate... 

[Fear turns to sprite with loud sound effect]

F: There's no safe place... My peace will never come... I’m going to die.
M: No! Follow me!
F: I'm scared.
M: I'm scared too...
[Room change to anger]

M: Huh...?

[Interact with anger NPC]

A: Finally, you’re here! 
A: Because of YOU, I'm going to live forever trapped in the fire of rage. I'll never be able to find peace. (mad animation)
A: ALL BECAUSE OF YOU
A: You stupid bastard, I hate you.
M: I don't understand. Who are you?
A: You’re an idiot!!! Can’t understand anything, you keep pissing me off I’m so fucking ANGRY!  
M: ... Unable to communicate

M: ... can't communicate

A: I hate you so much! I'm so angry because of you.
A: You're a worthless piece of shit, you’re going to hell.
A: I hate you. 

M: ... 

[dig down sign]

 [digging]

F: I don't want to stay here, it's scary...
A: You stupid thing, can't even do such a simple thing as digging up dirt. Go die! Die! Die! Die!

Sad layer

M: Whatever this place is, I've had enough of it.

Interact with sad npc

M: I don't want to ask stupid questions like "who are you" anymore...
S: It hurts! It hurts so much... 
S: The pain is so sharp... it feels as if my heart is tearing apart, and there was no way to stop my tears. 
S: (sob)

[sad turns to sprite]

S: Tears don’t solve the problem but I just can’t stop... I feel so sad...

M: .... Please, do something.

A: You're useless.
F: RUN AWAY!

 Interact with hopeless npc 】 【 Interact with hopeless npc 】

M: ... 
HL: Hey, Welcome.
M: Hi!
Could you tell me where I am?
HL: Welcome to...

[Hopeless broke to monsters]

HL: The root of your soul.
HL: Enjoy the taste of despair. You're a coward, you'll never be able to defeat me.

M: Who are you?
HL: I'm hopeless. as you can see.

Hopeless turns to a sprites

[Player fight with monsters but could never win]

A: Why are you just standing around dumbass!? Swing the hilt of your sword! You just continue to disappoint me! You cowardly bitch! ( start fight)
F: You can never beat it, we all know that. Cry and wait for death to come. There’s no use struggling in vain. ( HP a half left)
S: sob so painful, please kill me... I don't want to cry anymore. ( HP almost 0)


 【hope sprite shows up and UI guide player go down

M: I can't take this anymore.
M: I don't understand why this is happening? What are these ghostly orbs?
M: I just wanted to help find the seed... is that so wrong? I’m stupid for ever thinking I could do it, of course this happened. I can’t do anything right! 
M: I give up, I just want to go home...

H: I'm sorry to hear that, it seems desperation has really driven you to the edge, little one.
H: I know you're in a lot of pain and confusion. 
H: But you must know that underneath the despair there is always hope.
M: Who are you?
M: (I think I know the answer...)

H: I am hope. 

【sword level up animation

H: This is a gift for you, my child. Keep climbing up and don't look behind, you will find your way back.
M: ... 
H: I believe in you.

